jangrzesik/sc-0/document-how-to-opt-in-to-chrome (#856)
checkly/docs.checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/browser-checks/_index.md

We recommend using Playwright Test if you are just starting out or [migrating from Puppeteer to Playwright using `puppeteer-to-playwright`](https://github.com/checkly/puppeteer-to-playwright).

## Using other browsers
{{< info >}}
We strongly recommend using the default `chromium` browser for all your checks [as per the offcial Playwright documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/browsers#google-chrome--microsoft-edge).
{{< /info >}}

If your application [has very specific requirements](https://playwright.dev/docs/browsers#when-to-use-google-chrome--microsoft-edge-and-when-not-to), 

> Checkly enables you to use `Google Chrome` with Playwright in runtimes `2023.02` and newer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkly enables you to use `Google Chrome` with Playwright in runtime `2023.02`. 
```
Let's remove the `and newer`. When we will release a new runtime, we totally forget about this two words and we might not want to support it after.
